.\" Manpage for supercommand.
.TH man 8 "1 January 2022" "1.0" "supercommand man page"
.SH NAME
supercommand \- command that can do file and directory operations and executing other command
.SH SYNOPSIS
supercommand [OPTION]…

.SH DESCRIPTION
You can use supercommand to create new file / directory, remove file / directory, change file permissions, get current working directory and many more. 

.SH OPTIONS

.B 1 1 [Filename/FullPath]
.RS 4
File operation – create / open new file and have the ability to specify the filename and the path


.RE
.B 1 2 [Filename/Fullpath] [Permission]
.RS 4
File operation – change the permission of a file based on user input

.RE
.B 1 3 [Filename/Fullpath]
.RS 4
File operation – read from a given file and print to the standard output


.RE
.B 1 4 [Filename/Fullpath]
.RS 4
File operation – remove or delete a file given the file name

.RE
.B 2 1 [Directory name / Fullpath]
.RS 4
Directory operation – create a directory using a given name and specified path (if any).


.RE
.B 2 2 [Directory name / Fullpath]
.RS 4
Directory operation – remove (delete) a directory using a given name and specified path (if any).

.RE
.B 2 3 
.RS 4
Directory operation - Get the current working directory


.RE
.B 2 4
.RS 4
List current directory (and files). Able to list file(s) in the current directory.

.RE
.B 3 [command]
.RS 4
Executing other linux commands

.SH EXAMPLE
.B 1. File Operation
.RS 4
supercommand.c 1 1 newFile.txt


.RE
.B 2. Directory Operation
.RS 4
supercommand.c 2 2 /home/user/removeDirectory

.RE
.B 2. Executing Other Linux Commands
.RS 4
supercommand.c 3 ls -al
 
.SH BUGS
You tell us :D
.SH AUTHOR
Aima Aimaduddin bin Bollhasan (65332),
Lau Ngie Hing (66424),
Mohd Faizal bin Bujang (68268),
Woo Zhenghan (68097).

.SH COPYRIGHT
2022 UNIMAS - This program is only for TMN4133 - System Programming project.